first thing
met drew attention
in favor of such a result
on the phone is not quite the usual design
especially unusual design
no phone for sony ericsson
classic
buttons here all buttons done all
prices
but at the same time you consider 10 such
cunning
This phone has
protection system belongs to the class
ip66 protection
that is, in fact, the telephone
be under water
I have up to one meter for
it happened
so by what is achieved
shoot finds
on the phone to see that he does not have anywhere
open connector all connectors are closed
special
if we are with you
we see that besides
master key that protects the phone
we have another chip inside
prevents perfectly
you do not pay
important element of assets
let's try Mkad
cover itself
a pad that protects the phone
the package includes a special let's say
foot
you can hope at random
not to lose the phone
during the special sports headphones
accomplices
special bottom mounts
this phone
and other delights
and if we look at the phone stuffing
you will see that everything is here
what is the need for change
and again pyatimegapikselnaya
autofocus camera
very good refereeing cyc
what about flash
loud speaker
and inside the phone we have
android operating system in the most recent
2 and 3
interface
no phones all
modern smartphone Dnepr and we
all sensor
opportunities
on the walls it's days
interface four corners traditional
for sony ericsson
for a phone with a not very large screen
pressing the button
file theft
the minister
india notebook
SMS messages
what dependencies year
the turn is the same as ours is changing
successful key combination
and as a result of which is prohibited
and this parade will be released our Russian market
and will not cost 13,990 rubles this
recommended retail